Good evening, family. Thank
you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to pray and
go over the things the Lord showed us
this last time we
prayed—not
yesterday, but the day
before—and
go over some of the things that
we see in the news. Now, I don't know
where you want to start, Braden, but
I just want to say thank you all for
coming. I'm excited; there are already
1,800 people here.
That's really quick,
so they have their notifications on. There's a lot of people upset right now about Benjamin Bibi and what he just said publicly about Jesus. And if you remember what the Lord showed me back at the first of the year, there would be a day shortly that he would be in danger, that he would open a door, and he would be removed. I saw him being removed; it was very serious. I try not to go into this because of how sensitive I believe it is, but it was a great, detailed vision. I didn't understand what kind of open door it was. I saw him going down a wrong path and then, all of a sudden, I see this, and I can understand there's a lot of people upset about what he just said. So, we're going to play what he just said and I'll leave it there. And like I said, you say, 'Well, you always stand with the Israeli government, Brandon; you stand with this.'No, I didn't say that. I stand with the Jewish people. I stand with them with all my heart. I stand for Jerusalem. I stand for the
peace of Jerusalem. I stand for the children of Israel, all the Jews combined. But just like our government, we make bad choices all the time. We have a Biden and he allows everybody in; we have a Bibi and he makes a stupid remark. So, you don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. You know, all these people have all these opinions and you have to be more mature than this. It's like if President Trump comes on tomorrow and says something really dumb—he could. I don't always agree with everything he says, but I pray for that man more than I pray for anybody else. I can assure you that, because of what the Lord has told me he is assigned to do in these last days, he must finish his term. He had opened the 'valley of decision.'All the things the Lord showed me about President Trump and his life being in danger concerning the valley of decision and these major decisions that he would make back at the first of the year—and He said, 'This is what's going to either make or break his presidency.'And
the Lord even said recently,
he's in the valley of decision
concerning Cuba.
I gave the United States of America the
greatest military force
in the world
on purpose to liberate and to
make a way for the people to have
revival in Iran, revival in Cuba,
and
revival in Venezuela—revival in these
areas to take away these
dictators, these people that are
persecuting the Christians,
persecuting... the blood cries out from the
ground
of the people that were martyred for the
cause of Christ. I really believe
we're going to see President Trump as
we continue to pray for him.
We must pray for our troops
on a day-to-day basis. This should be
a major deal that
everybody's always praying for our
battleships, praying for the decisions
that are about to be made even in the
days ahead, that we could
actually see a major decision this
weekend
concerning Cuba. Praying for Cuba,
praying for the liberation of Cuba and
for a new Cuban government coming;
for Mexico to be free from Claudia.
And people say, 'Well, I like
Claudia.'Claudia
is in with
the drug cartel. I'm telling you, I've
seen it.
And so it's hot. Can you turn on the fan?
I truly believe we're about to see a
great shaking to awaken even in America,
and with midterms. Now,
I've warned you what I've
seen about gas.
And like I said, I have to
say it this time: this is not financial
advice. I'm not telling you to invest in
or do anything with your finances
concerning gas or anything. I've
seen visions concerning gas, concerning
major processing plants—praying over
Tuttle, Oklahoma,
praying over Louisiana,
praying over Houston,
praying over our major
refineries and factories of gas and oil
in America. I saw strategic attacks
coming. If you go back to those videos,
I've warned you even before
Iran
even
started
to pray over these oil wells
because I saw major attacks trying to
come, and it was some
kind of sabotage. And when it happened,
I saw people completely
vaporized—seven
of them in particular—and then 25 more
in
critical
condition that were not too far from
there at this facility. And I don't
know what caused it to go up, but
it was in retaliation
to what's going on in Iran and what's
going on right now. And I warned you to
pray for these oil areas. This is very
serious. As I saw President Trump
opening up new pipelines like he's
talking about in California, I told you
he would open up new pipelines
throughout America. And you would even hear
about the Nord
Stream
pipeline
starting to talk about redoing that and
building that. And I heard him say, 'Drill,
baby, drill. We're going to start to
drill.'It
would be a short window for
an
oil squeeze because President Trump was
going to start to really bring forth oil
in America,
but it was a window.
Now,
I got this vision back in
June of last year.
And we
prayed over it and then I let it go.
So, everybody thought, 'Well, it didn't
happen.'Well,
it looks in the
natural,
in my opinion, that we
could be seeing some of this right now
with Europe and all this because even
what I've seen, Braden was watching
Johnny Bravo tonight with the guy that
says 'cue the
fire.'I
love it when he says that; we always
laugh.
He was saying about
the oil and what's going on in
Australia—that
a lot of the oil
is about gone.
Okay, here it is. Show them the
article, son. This is what Johnny Bravo
had on his channel.
Is that right? Is this from Johnny
Bravo?
Well,
Johnny
Bravo,
not this one, but this one
is.
Show
that.
Are
you showing it right now?
Are we there yet? You have to show me.
So,
do you see that?
That's what I warned you; I saw in the
spirit
and I said it would be for
a
window.
It will be a short-lived window,
but I said it would be for a window.
Now, show what's going on with Australia.
Are you seeing it?
So you see what's happening.
Just because it's not about... and what's
interesting is the western mindset is if
it doesn't have to do with America, then
the
prophetic word is wrong.
It's not about America. It's about
the world. It's about a shaking of the
nations. America has
350 million people;
we are a speck compared to a lot of
the countries in this world with lots
more people in it than America. And so
for us to always have the pride of
always thinking it's about us is
arrogance.
It's about the world.
God's not shaking
and coming back for just America.
The revival isn't just about America.
The revival is about shaking Europe,
Asia, South America,
Africa, and the Middle East.
He wants a major harvest.
But we always focus, 'Well, you know,
as America goes, so does the
world.'Well,
that's
arrogance in my opinion. Here we
are. We see it. Yeah, we have the most
powerful nation in the world, but I
believe there's a humbling
coming.
There is a great humbling coming.
And people don't want to hear that, but
the Lord showed me again, there's a
humbling coming.
The dollar is going to be shaken.
Things, in my opinion, will be shaken.
But it will give an opportunity through this
olive
press for a
major revival. Okay, so let's go to
anything else that you had
today. What else did you get from
watching that?
And then 33%
gone overnight.
Oh, so now the helium's gone? Is that
right? Yeah, so 33% of all the
helium—Iran
hit the major plant. So that affects
MRIs,
it affects
computers and chips and stuff like
that.
So
if we go back to what the Lord showed us
about major trade
wars—and
we prayed against the trade
wars—I
saw a
supply
chain concerning computers. I saw
medical supplies. I saw major trade wars
coming concerning medical supplies,
such
that you won't be able to have
surgeries;
elective
surgeries only. What causes
that? I don't know,
but I saw that they would not be able to
put you under anesthesia for some
reason.
So people who were only able to
have
surgery
in the vision that I had back
last
spring—this
time
last year—I saw major surgeries being
delayed because they weren't able to
give you anesthesia
for things like plastic surgery or facelifts—all
the cosmetic
things.
But if you had to have
heart surgery, if
it was a major heart issue and you
had to have it unclogged,
they had
those. But it was for things that they
had to have; it was selective, which one
they thought was
deemed life-threatening, right?
And I told you I saw this, and it was
also about medicines. Certain
medicines would become hard to get,
and the Lord showed me this. Now,
people were like, 'Brandon, you're
scaring me. I have to have my medicine
or I'm going to
die.'I
don't know which
ones.
I can't tell you how many
emails I had about which medicines
I saw that you should
stockpile. I don't know; all
I saw was a shortage of
medicines for some reason,
and it was concerning things
we got from China.
So
it's something for you to pray about.
I see
in part here. I believe the Lord
is telling me to pray about
this, and we're seeing similar things
in the news.
I wanted to
tell you all something. We got a really
cool email today from a former witch,
a Satanist who was watching us on the
night I gave the altar call about
witchcraft. I said, 'You're
here, you're watching,'and they were
coming against me.
I said, 'I forgive
you.'This
man—who
was a witch—gave his heart to
Jesus Christ watching our broadcast that
night and is asking for a Bible. So
we're sending him a Bible
by
the first part of next week.
I just wanted to give Jesus all the
glory that a warlock got born
again watching us
two or three nights ago.
Isn't that wonderful?
It's what the Lord said, to lead the captives to Jesus. Braden, it's hot in here. To
lead the captives
to Jesus.
We had an
email—I'll
have Diana read it to you next time.
He says he gave his heart to Jesus
watching the broadcast and that he was
in the occult for quite some time.
Pretty cool, huh? That witches
are getting born again watching
the broadcast and giving their
hearts
to Jesus Christ. So we're sending him a
Bible.
I believe the best is yet to come for
that young man;
he didn't
give his age, but
it's
pretty neat.
I was excited about it.
So he was watching us and got born
again while practicing witchcraft.
What is this right here?
US
congressman—can
you show that?
That's pretty interesting.
I told you there would be an
acceleration of this.
Right before Jesus
comes—the
Lord said when I went to heaven with
him
in
2014—I
went through the Tribulation
with the Lord.
The last thing he said to me before
I came back
was,
'Brandon,
in this time
frame,
they're going to talk about
aliens all the time.
You'll start to see them in the
sky as a false flag, a false
narrative.'And
he said this is
how
they're going to explain away the
Rapture of the church.
As I was in the Tribulation with him and I
saw all the people
worshiping
on Fridays to
the Mahdi,
none of this garbage was
going on in America then. I want you to see
this—this
is America, right?
None of this
was happening in
2014.
But Jesus said they'll worship on
Fridays.
This is New York
today.
They're all
worshiping
with the mayor.
I said they'll all gather up, and
at this time they'll all have to wear
white clothes
and
worship Allah and the Mahdi on
Fridays.
I said it's coming.
I saw all this.
People
said, 'Brandon, that's
never going to happen in America. You
are
crazy.'I
said,
'Watch.'I
know I had a visitation from Jesus. I
know he took me out of my body. I
saw
the Christians that were left—the
ones who
were lukewarm
and
preaching
a compromised gospel. I said they're
going to rise up in the days
ahead. I told everybody
about Muslims and
mosques,
and look what's
happening
nearly
12 years
later.
Here in America, it's
becoming a major deal. Look at
everybody,
this Friday again
after Ramadan, everyone
worshiping
in these
mosque
things.
I warned everybody.
My first video
on YouTube
was in 2021, and I was scared spitless to
put it out there.
But
the Lord told me
to record what I saw and put it on.
That
video
has over a million hits now.
It's all what I tried to tell you
was coming.
Jesus Christ said there's a major
revival about to break forth.
What are all the cars lined up
for?
This
just opened
up—the
new mosque.
Where
is
that?
In Minnesota?
That is a massive mosque.
It's really beautiful
for a building. I guess
they'll
need
it
one day to be a place where
we
worship Jesus, right?
Minnesota...
they're trying to do that in
Broken Arrow,
Oklahoma, in the Bible Belt.
I don't think they got it passed,
but
just another day in America, right?
What else? He
was
saying
he's
not going to do anything.
Let's hear it. You
have
to play this for me.
He wants everyone
to
help;
we
have to pray for him.
He's underneath tremendous pressure
right now.
It's a simple military maneuver. It's relatively
safe, but you need a lot of
help in the sense that you need ships
and
volume. NATO could help us but
they so far haven't had the courage to
do so, and others could help us but
we don't use it. At a
certain point, it will open itself,
but we've defeated the
enemy. They're a
sick group of people. Leadership is
gone, the navy is gone, the air force is
gone, and the anti-aircraft
equipment and radar they
have is all gone. Everything's gone.
The Strait itself—the actual
Strait—is
doing a good job, but it would be
nice if the countries that use it, including China,
which
uses
it for 90% of their energy, and Japan, for 95%,
would get involved.
Will they?
We'll see.
I pray they will.
These are the things we see in the
news today. Every single time
we do a broadcast, you can see end times. Watch what Pete says today. 'Say the same to every American who wants peace through strength. May Almighty God continue to bless our troops in this fight. And again to the American people, please pray for them every day on bended knee with your family, in your schools, in your churches in the name of Jesus Christ. To the troops, keep going and Godspeed. Over to you.'I thought that was cool. He's asking for prayer, so that's what we're going to do tonight.
We're going to
pray for our troops and for the mustard
gas explosion that Israel found in the
side of the mountain.
I was excited about that.
They're saying in this explosion that it
looks like biological weapons going up
in flames when Israel hit the side of
the mountain today.
We see
this:
Israel's
air
force recently carried out an
attack in
Iran.
Per
a report, they believe
it's some kind of biological weapon,
possibly
a hazardous material
event.
Did we destroy a stockpile of chemical
weapons?
We pray they have
because
I told you they had them.
I saw that they had received
them from Saddam.
It was mustard gas, a red
chemical that was very
deadly,
that would cause your skin to melt off
and you to convulse to the point where
your back would break.
I saw it in the middle of
a
mountain.
Maybe
that's what we hit today;
maybe this is our prayers at work.
I believe God is big enough that they
will find these biological weapons that
I saw they would try to use out of
Damascus on
Israel in the days ahead.
The Lord said, 'This will be worse
than October the
7th,'and
said to pray
because
I saw
families being destroyed, and it
would be by chemical weapons.
We see this, and I thought it was
interesting. Is this some of
them being destroyed? It was in
50-gallon drum-looking barrels
underneath the mountains.
I just pray this is some of them.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
I know I'm talking about sensitive
stuff.
This
is
an
official statement.
They actually did meet up, though
they're saying it's not official if they're
joining us.
The UAE all met
and had a major meeting.
The Arab countries have officially
threatened to join the United States and
Israel in the war against Iran.
So all of them had a pow-wow
and they're talking.
We are living
in the last of the last days, folks.
This is amazing to watch;
it's actually kind of
cool every day. You don't know
what's going to be in the news, it's
just happening, and you know
something major is about to take
place—a
major shaking to awaken. And the
Lord told us to watch Cuba.
How many times has the Father told us to
pray about Cuba,
that there would be an attack in the
night from them to hit
Florida?
Praying against Cuba, backing the dog in
the corner, which would involve Russia.
He said this is an old alliance
from
the Cuban missile crisis
time frame that
is
rekindling.
There is a new alliance coming together
with Cuba and Russia in the days ahead.
This is what the Lord warned us
to pray against. I saw
submarines and things going to Cuba
to aid them,
trying to stop the United States from
liberating them.
I saw a dragon come up out of the
water three times that was purple
and a biological vial that
looked
like a nuclear
cylinder
with
a biohazard on the side of
it.
All the videos are there.
Every single time the Lord said,
'Watch Cuba.
Pray over Cuba. Don't underestimate
Cuba. Don't take your eyes off of
Cuba.'Everything
we have been praying
is to liberate the people of Cuba and get
them
set free from this dictator.
I saw that
it was
tied to the cartel and Venezuela. It was a triangle
coming out of Venezuela to
Colombia to Claudia Scheinbaum, and it was a
trafficking circle coming up
through Miami. There were stucco
houses with big money, drug
cartels,
and
cocaine. I'm telling you, the Lord is
putting
a
kink in the hose
because the Lord wants revival, and we
will have revival. I believe with all my
heart we are about to see one of the
greatest shakings to awaken in this
country.
'President Trump said this week that he
can take Cuba. How soon can that happen?''Well,
Cuba is
a disaster and it's
because of their communist government. It
doesn't work. So, I don't have any news
for you on that today other than that's
been going on for 67 years. They're a
disaster. It's the worst it's ever
been.'That
reporter
wants a hard question. He
thinks they're
going to
tell you, 'We're
going to hit them on this day and
at this hour.'I
guess you
give
him
an A for effort, but
it's
pretty dumb.
I'm thinking about doing it
in
February of next year or the 4th of July—I don't know.
Like
they're going to tell you that!
Johnny Bravo had some
really good articles tonight and
some of the things he was saying were
playing
in the background. And I
heard it. It was amazing.
He does a really good job of finding
news. I don't know how he does it. He
must do that all day long before he
makes his videos. He's a YouTuber,
and
he has his channel
over there. Okay, so let's go over some
of the things.
Well, I just want to make sure
because
I see your face, and
if it goes down, you've got to let me
know. Okay, so what did we see last
time? Let's do that really quick. How
long have I been doing this?
39.
It's
too long.
Okay, ready? This will be real quick. I
saw a
green plant
that came up
and the Lord said, 'Focus
on this plant. It has cures for some
diseases.'As
I was praying for certain cures,
interceding and praying for these
cures for these diseases, the Lord was
reminding me of that, kind of like an
aloe vera plant. There's something more
to this. I don't know what kind. It
looked like a green plant and it looked
like it had stems on the side, like
thorny.
And so some people say, 'Well, you can
make alcohol out of that. You can do all
this other stuff like yucca plants
and agave, I believe is what was
said.'And
so people were emailing Diana
saying, 'Listen, this is what you do
with it.'But as I was praying into
this, this plant was about cures
for something, medicine, something more
to this plant. Now, I don't know. I'm
praying into it. But like I said,
I saw it and it has to do with
something. Now, the other part was
bringing down racial tension and
racial walls that the Lord said, 'I'm
bringing healing from
injustice,
turning
wrongs to rights.'He's going
to fix things.
Braden, what was the exact word?
Restitution. Yep. Restitution.
And so what are you working on?
Are you getting the internet?
No, monitor.
Oh, monitor.
Making things right. So
I saw Harriet Tubman
and she was leading the people in
the Underground Railroad. And I saw the
American Indians.
And the Lord showed me
for the body of Christ, for the ones
that have that, the
Lord showed me it was a generational
pain, generational things that kept
going around and around, and it kept going
from generation to generation. And the
Lord said he was breaking the
dividing walls down
that the body of Christ would move
together in these last days with
mending the hurt but restoring
what the cankerworm had eaten in
finances concerning slave wages,
calling back that money
for restitution.
As I was praying into that, I saw...
my wife is American Indian.
Not very many people know that, but my
wife is American Indian
and she has a lot of American Indian in
her.
She's Apache,
and so
everyone
said, 'Well, she's dark-skinned
anyway.'But
some people
thought she was Hispanic, but she's not
Hispanic. She's American Indian.
So
I told her even, I said, 'Claim back
the Trail of Tears, the things that
happened to your ancestors. Believe God
for the tribal... and
you see,
well,
they have tribal money. They have all
that stuff and they have their land and
all that. But I saw restitution coming
even on a greater level, even for the
tribal land and for the people
for the Trail of Tears. But I was mainly
focusing in the spirit, even more so in
Arizona.
In Arizona, the Lord said
to call back restitution and restoration
over the families.
So
we are going to pray. We prayed over
that.
You're going to have to help me because
I've
got to get through this so we can
move on
to
everything I saw.
You saw aliens, you saw a moon, you saw
from AI.
I
saw—and
like I said, this seems
controversial
and a lot of people say, "Snap,
Brandon, I can't believe you say
that"—but
I saw that the moon
landing was fake,
the
1970-whatever
it was when we
hit the moon the first time.
They're
all saying about it, Neil Armstrong. I
saw that that was fake
and in this,
there was deception in it. But
the Lord said a true space race was
coming.
I saw bases on the moon.
I saw physical bases, like places you
could go, a military base on the moon.
And it looked like something in the side
of a crater.
And as I was looking into this, it had
little lights on it. It looked like a
dome. It was like very, very
sophisticated high tech stuff.
But as I was seeing this, I saw Elon's
rockets and all this... and the
Lord said, 'Debunking even the
flat-earthers,
that this is false. This is false. The
earth is not flat. The earth is
round.'And
the Lord said this will come out
even more
to
validate
that the earth is truly round and
there's no argument about it.
There would be great things that would
show.
As I was seeing this, I saw artifacts
coming out of the ground again
that would be found in the days ahead
with these major earthquakes.
I saw tablets and
artifacts from biblical
archaeological discoveries
that would bring in lots of people again
out of the Islamic faith into
Christianity
to shake the Islamic church, to shake
this stuff. And I saw that the Lord said,
'Pray for them not to be able to cover
this up again.'And I saw it. So this is,
I
believe, the third time for me
the Lord to talk about this.
And so people say, 'Brandon,
you've
brought this up before.'No, the
Lord's telling
us to pray over it again.
It's on his heart. Every time I see it,
it means it's getting closer.
Every time he has the pulse of
it—praying
over Cuba, praying over Iran, praying
over these things—it's getting closer
and closer and closer
that
major things are about to happen.
When
you start hearing about it over
and over in the spirit and you keep
going down that vein and that
river, that means there's a major
breakthrough coming toward this because
he's wanting his people to pray over it.
This is a major deal.
So, we're hearing about the underground
artifacts, and the Lord said, 'There's a
major discovery that's coming out of
earthquakes.'I
saw earthquakes coming. I
saw asteroids coming into our...
like rocks, they look like
rockets. And what we just had in Utah,
they're going to be everywhere. I saw
them going over Europe, but it was so
loud it busted all the glass out of
people's houses.
It was like a sonic boom went
over the land and as far as the
people could see—I'm talking thousands
of miles. Where it went over that area, it was
so loud that all the glass in the
homes was completely destroyed,
buildings.
It looked like
glass just falling because of this
loud...
what was coming off this.
Then I saw them happening over America
more. I saw them happening all over
Asia. I saw it. But the Lord said,
'This is the signs that I told you you would
see. A great shaking to awaken in the
sky, in the heavens. A shaking in the
heavens is
coming.'As
I was looking at this in the spirit,
I could see the building. I could see
people freaking out because it sounded
like something out of a movie. I
mean, it's loud, loud, loud. It was that
loud. It was like making
people's
ears ring because of how loud
this was going over. But as I was
watching this, I saw there was a
massive rock coming.
And as I was caught up, I could
see these scientists in a room
that had glass walls. You could see them
inside there with this conference table.
And inside this conference table,
they had mathematical
equations on it.
Now, I don't know if this has happened yet
or if it's coming.
I see in the future, the
present, and the past of secret
things and meetings.
I saw this conference table
with
drawings of where they
believed this rock was going to go.
They had mathematical
equations saying they
believed—I
could hear them
talking—that
this rock was
going to miss the Earth.
But the Lord specifically said, 'Their
math is wrong. It will hit the
Earth.'They
know it's coming,
but they are wrong on their math.
This massive
rock—this
is the third time now
for me to see this. I saw it coming a
couple of weeks ago
and I said, 'I see a massive rock and I
can even tell you where it
was.'It
was a massive rock, but
it's way out and it's getting closer
and closer. This thing was
ginormous.
I saw a green laser again
coming out of the Louisiana area.
I saw this green beam that hit the
rock and divided it, but it
still hit the Earth. As I saw these
stones hitting the Earth, they were
boiling the water.
I
saw actual bubbling, like
a pot of
water boiling, all around where
this rock hit in the Atlantic Ocean.
As this was happening, the fish were
dying all around it;
it was like it was cooking them.
I saw again
a major event concerning our sun
and it was similar to an eclipse,
though
not a full eclipse at first. When
we have an eclipse, like the Great
American Eclipse that went over America
a
year
or two ago,
it is
only a little spot over an area
of
probably 50 miles
that
it
goes over for a
couple of minutes.
When I saw this event about to take
place, it was over a massive
area
that
affects the whole world. It dims the sun,
making
it not as
bright,
and it makes the birds feel that the sun
is going down in midday.
It doesn't make it completely blacked
out like night,
but it looks like a haze over the sun.
I saw the leaves in the
spirit, and
they
looked
kind of dingy.
Normally,
midday sun on
a leaf
looks bright and happy,
but when this
happened,
the plants had
a
weird glow to them
and the birds were
starting to roost.
They thought it was
nighttime,
but it was all day long.
Nature started acting weird, and birds
were
gathering
in the trees
in
the
middle
of
the
day,
not knowing what to do.
I saw
migration patterns getting weird
and
animals starting to breed
differently.
Something
was wrong with the
way our plants decided to grow;
our crops weren't doing right.
Sometimes
the Lord shows me things
from the
Tribulation
and
I don't realize I'm looking into that.
It
takes
maturity
and
prayer
to
discern
what
I
see.
saw the Great and Terrible Day, and I
saw the angels with water coming out
of their skin.
They
stood
over and blew a trumpet,
and all the fish died. There
were
major earthquakes and shakings
around the Earth.
There were four angels
blowing their horns,
and
they looked like their skin was water.
People ask, 'Where's that in
the Bible?'I'm
sure it's there. I
would
have to
have
Rick Renner or someone who knows the
Word more than I do
show me where it
is, but
I believe with all my heart
this is there.
I saw the fish dying everywhere—literally
billions of
fish.
As
I watched
the asteroid-looking thing hit the
water, it was boiling the water and
the fish were dying.
I
previously
thought
it might be gas pockets
or
chambers,
and
I told you to watch
the oarfish. I thought
a
major gas leak
would
kill them,
but
the asteroid did it.
We are in the last of the last
days, and we're about to see things that
will
shake this world.
The Lord said, 'I'm coming back for
a major harvest, but
the racial division in my church
has to come
down.'It
cannot be that you're black, I'm
white, or you're Asian, a little
different yellow color, or a different
brown color. We are all one body.
The
Lord said when we unite together, the glory
is
coming down.
We're
going to mesh as a body
with
no separation by skin color
or
stupid stuff that keeps us
separated.
The only way you're going to get
this is by praying it out in the spirit.
I saw
a
demonic spirit
of
division,
a generational
curse passing down,
but
He
is
going to make wrong things right and
restore
what the devil meant to steal,
kill, and destroy.
I'm calling back ancestral
wealth. Whether
it's the
wages of
African-Americans,
Harriet
Tubman, or others—call it in. I call it
a
supernatural wealth
transfer for my family,
with
interest.
The Lord said that: with interest.
We serve a big God.
We serve a mighty God,
and he is a God that restores what the
cankerworm ate.
Even if they are not here anymore,
the Lord said the Tulsa
riots, the Tulsa race riots, and all the
things that happened—He
is restoring
back what the
cankerworm ate.
'Whoa,
Brandon, we should just let that
all go.'The Lord said, 'I
am
taking what has been swept under the
rug
and I am exposing it to get
healing.'Well,
you know, people should just get
over it and move on. Who are you to say?
Who are you to say
if God says, 'I
am
bringing back restoration and I
want to bring restitution, and I want to
bring my body in.'He is not a broke
God.
He has a cattle on a thousand hills.
His streets are paved with gold.
He isn't broke,
but people act like he is broke all the
time.
The body of Christ surely
does.
And the Lord said, 'I am going to
restore back
to the people if they will claim
it.''How
am I going to get
that, Brandon?'I don't know; I am not
God. He said to believe him for it. It
is
not my job to believe for your blessing;
you believe for your own blessing.
But the Lord said he would do it,
and I just believe that he will.
He
is
able to do exceedingly abundantly
above all you dare ask or
think. I told Diana,
'Hey, believe for it.
Believe for restoration in your
bloodline:
the Trail of Tears and the Apaches
and all the things that
happened.'Well,
they got
tribal
benefits.
Folks, there is still pain and hurt
in
people's hearts. It
is
generational,
and the Lord wants to take the dividing
walls and the dividing things down that
separate us as the body.
So as I was seeing into that, this is what he
said. Then I saw that there were things
about the Titanic that were wrong,
that he said they have tried to
bury.
And as I saw the water in the
Atlantic Ocean,
the Titanic area,
I saw that area looked like it
had
demonic spirits. It looked like ghosts; it
looked like blue-looking spirits over
the water.
I don't know what I was seeing, but
they looked like they were transparent blue-looking,
devil-looking
things,
and it was concerning that boat.
But there was something more sinister
that night
the Titanic went down
that has never been
unveiled and
exposed. The Lord said, 'There are darker
things here than what you know,
than what the world knows. There
are
darker things here
that they have
buried.'And
I saw a certain family
that is very powerful
that knows there
is
more to this.
And the Lord said there is more to that
boat
than you know.
They don't want
very many true
excursions
to uncover
more truth.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I thought it was kind of interesting.
Now, I am not a conspiracy theory
person; I tell you what I see.
You could go down all kinds of
rabbit holes with some of the things
that the Lord shows me, and people get
all weird
about the aliens, the ant people,
the giants,
or
the lizard people. I have seen some
weird stuff
with the royals being
Nephilim bloodline lizard people.
Seven different lizard lineages.
I told you I saw seven different
lizard lineages.
Some of them were in America, some in
the
Middle East, some
in Asia, some
in South America, and so on.
I said some lizards look weirder
than others,
but I saw reptilian bloodlines
that they have tried to preserve.
Now, I know that sounds weird and that
it's
out there, but this is the stuff
I see:
it was lizard people
and they would be able to have a
chameleon skin like a
man's
skin, and they were hiding
themselves.
How? I don't know,
but I saw it. Now, is that flaky? I tell
you what I see. And if you judge it and you
say, 'Brandon, that is off,'I will be the
first one to tell you I can miss it.
But the Lord said, 'Pay attention to the
Mayan temples. Pay attention to
the hieroglyphics. Pay attention to
what's on the walls in Egypt. And
in the days ahead, there will be more
exposing of this. For as in the days of
Noah, so will it be. I am exposing
things; there are things that are still
here.'And
I saw stuff in the water.
I saw a city in the water.
Now you say, 'Brandon, that is too far
out there.'I am telling
you by what I saw by the
Lord. I know it was the Lord. And I saw
there was something in our water
by Africa.
I don't know what that was,
but it was dark.
It looked like a city
like what you call Atlantis.
And people go, 'Man, this guy's on something.'No,
I am
not.
I believe the
Lord shows me things
and I'm telling you there
will
be things that
are exposed in the days
ahead—dark
hidden secrets that will
come out of museums and things like
that. And I saw them using AI to scan
these writings and tablets that were
ancient from the Vatican,
from
museums
that they have found, and they
will use
AI to try to decipher it to open up
portals.
And it was dark witchcraft stuff.
I could see
them using AI to scan these
tablets—these
dark black onyx things—and they
would find them and try to
use
AI
and
quantum computing to try to open up
portals.
I said it looked like Stargate.
And they were able to travel through
these things.
I don't know how they did it. It looked
like they could go back in
time—like
time travel. It was weird. And I was
thinking,
'What am I
seeing?'But
I try to tell you all this, and I
know it sounds way out there, and like
I said, I am not a conspiracy
theorist.
I don't get into all that stuff. It
is
weird.
But I see some radical stuff. People
say,
'Well, Brandon, this
is right
out of your
imagination.'I
take communion, I pray, I anoint my head
with oil, and I do everything I can.
I rebuke any kind of thing that tries to
come and ensnare me.
But I yield to the one who created me
and I seek his face daily.
In seeking him, I have
found him.
I knock and the door was opened to me.
I sit at his feet and he comes and
visits me.
Jesus is real to me.
But he says, 'I will show you the things
of this earth, the hidden secret things,
and I will show you the things to come
that will deceive the nations.
And your job is to pray,
for I've called you to be a watchman in
these last
days.'And
then he said, 'In the days ahead, you
will
be a household name throughout
the world for some of the things that
will come to pass that you've said, son.
You're always to remember: attract
and
deflect.
Always.'And
I do the best I can with it.
I say, 'Lord,
I know
that I'll serve you until the day I die.
And even on the other side, in the
thousand
years, I'll serve you even
then.'I
tell him, even with all the
persecution we've received lately,
'God,
I'll serve you. I fear you.'And
it isn't
always
a
popular thing to say that the moon
landing is fake. I see it's fake.
Something's wrong with it.
There's deception here.
And people will say, 'Well, you're
attacking our country.'I am not
attacking
anything.
I saw something was wrong.
And the Lord said,
'There's more. There's a new space race
that's authentic
coming—a
real, true thing that will be on the
news.'Now,
what you saw in the past was fake.
What's about to happen and come out in
the days ahead... I saw a Manila file
and it had 'classified'across
it.
And the Lord said,
'This is to rip open and they will take
hand to show you what's over here to
distract you from what they're doing
over here with
AI.'This
is the beast system they're working
on. They don't want you paying attention
over here, so they're going to release
classified documents to get you to look
over here because they don't want you
looking over here. He says it's to
deceive the nations.
'We can release this because
this doesn't
matter anymore.
This over here is bigger news, and we
don't want anyone over here doing
this.'Then
I saw Mark Zuckerberg,
and he was looking out of a fraidy hole
in a tube underneath in a bunker.
He had a shirt
on
as blue as this book,
as
blue as this shirt, with a black
hoodie that was zipped up, blue
jeans, and Converse-looking shoes. He
had curly-looking hair like he
always does. It was long, and he was
peeking out of a telescope-looking thing,
looking out of a fraidy hole
because
something was coming, and he was hiding
underground and he was scared.
That was Mark Zuckerberg.
I said, 'Why are you showing
me Mark Zuckerberg all the time?
Why is he always hiding in a hole?'I don't know. I try to make sense of
things I see all the time, y'all. I just go,
'Why is Mark Zuckerberg hiding in a hole?
Why is he looking out of that thing? What
is
he preparing
for?'They
know something's
coming.
They know something's coming.
So, I tell you these things tonight, and those
were
highlights of what I saw last
night. I tried to keep it under an hour
for you,
but I went over.
Braden's trying to keep me up on the
time.
He's translating Spanish right
now, folks.
Oh, Braden, I went way over.
But then you saw files.
Yeah, I saw the files and they were
classified. That's why I brought up
that
this is concerning the
Vatican. There
are
things that the Vatican has
information
that nobody else has. There
are
things that are going to be
leaked. There are things that are going to
be exposed in the days ahead that will
shake the nations. You need to hear me.
I tell you this because the Lord told me
to warn you.
So, are you ready?
Will you be deceived by what you're
about to see?
Will you keep the main thing the main
thing and keep your eyes on Jesus?
Men's
hearts will fail them for fear
looking after those things that are
coming on the earth.
The Bible warned us about this stuff.
The Bible warned us that there
are
fallen angels.
The Bible warned us of giants,
Goliaths.
The Bible warned us
of
a flood. There are all kinds of things
that the Bible told us, and
there is
history that repeats itself and
other documented stuff that they
try to bury. It wasn't
just the Bible; there are other people
talking about it.
But I saw lizard people,
seven different lineages.
I'm telling you, it sounds way out
there.
I don't try to talk about all this
stuff all the time, but I'm trying to
tell you, you must know Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal Savior. You must
have your feet all the way in. You can't
just be tiptoeing in where it's ankle-deep,
knee-deep,
or
waist-deep.
You must be in the middle of
that pool of water, going all the way in,
drinking and swimming around in it.
I want to be all-in for Jesus in these
last days. If you're here tonight
and you tell me, 'Brandon, my pinky toe is not
even in the
water.
I need to get right with
God,'you
tell me all this stuff
sounds like some kind of sci-fi weird
movie stuff.
Where do you think they're getting it
from?
How did they make the movie? Where did
the writers get the information from?
Why do Star Wars figures and those things
look like demons?
Where do you
think they get it from?
You think it just comes out of
nowhere?
Good imagination, huh?
It's to deceive the nations. They're
trying to
desensitize you.
Look over here
at
what they're about to uncover and expose
because what's over here is much worse.
So when what was really bad is no
longer bad anymore, we can show you
because what we have over here is really
bad.
You really need to get yourself right
with the Lord.
You need to repent. It's time to come
home.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun.
Jesus suffered greatly for you
so
that you don't have to go through all
that.
Hell was not created for you. Hell was
created for Satan, his fallen
angels, and the demons. He is going to
burn in a lake of fire forever. Don't
join him.
You don't have to.
He can't repent;
you can.
You must confess Jesus Christ as your
Lord and Savior.
You must believe that he is the Son of
God and that he rose again on the third
day.
And he's right now making intercession
for you. He's seated right there saying,
'I'm rooting for you. I love you. I have
a plan for your life,
but it's your choice
tonight.'I
have to ask you, do you know my friend
Jesus?
Last broadcast, we had 43 people,
including a warlock, give their hearts to
Jesus Christ.
Tonight, I have to ask you, do you know
him?
If you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity?
The very shoes you put on today to go to
work or take a walk with your
wife in
the park—even
tomorrow, usually
Saturday, people have the day
off—that
night you may not make it home.
The undertaker might be taking off your
shoes that day.
None of us are promised tomorrow.
Don't make your life
a gamble and say, 'Well, you know,
maybe I'll have another
time.'This
might be your last time.
I want to present this to you,
not to scare you, but to prepare you that
there is a hell.
There is a heaven.
There is Lucifer. There is
Satan. There are fallen demons. They're
tormenting you. They're the ones
trying to talk you out of it right
now, whispering in your ear, 'You don't
want that.
You don't need
this.'But
yet you've come to the end of your
rope and you're so tormented with your
life that you're saying, 'I don't even
want to live anymore.
I can't find joy in anything. I don't
find joy in my marriage,
my children,
the money I have, or the job I have.
Food isn't even fun
anymore.'I'm
at the end of my rope
and I'm ready to end it all.
But end it all to go where?
You don't realize you're being tricked
and you're right on
the verge of stepping over into eternity
and going to hell forever.
But Jesus is throwing you a lifeline
tonight,
and he's knocking on the door of your
heart
and saying, 'Will you let me in?
Let me turn your mess into a message.
Will you let me turn your life around?
Give me a chance. You've done everything
else: drugs, sex, alcohol,
and
perversion of all kinds. You've tried to
fill that huge hole, but
you just
can't
seem to get satisfied. It's
like Mick Jagger, 'I can't get no
satisfaction.'He
said it because he couldn't and
still can't. You know why? Because he
can't fill it up with the world.
You have to fill that hole up with
Jesus. And the more he fills you, the
more that peace that passes all
understanding fills your heart, your
mind, and your body, and you go, 'My God,
this is what I was looking for the whole
time.'I
would
love to tell Mick Jagger, 'Hey,
the
reason why you can't get no
satisfaction, brother, is because you're
filling it with the wrong thing.
You need Jesus.
You need
Jesus.'And
in that,
he'll feel that satisfaction. He'll feel
all that desire for everything
that you think you have
to have—drugs,
alcohol, perversion,
sex, whatever.
So if you're here tonight and you tell
me, 'Brandon, I want to have that
peace,'the
only way you're ever going to get
that peace is the shalom peace, the
peace that passes all understanding
that comes from the Holy Spirit.
He's the only one. He's
an
ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always standing there waiting on
you. He's knocking on your heart
tonight. Will you let me in?
So, I want to just say a simple prayer
for you,
but you've got to get real with God.
Stop running.
You've got to stop running. Stop going
to all the strip clubs and all the
clubs
thinking that you're going to get maybe
that hole filled tonight.
Well, we'll go out tomorrow night. We're
going to paint the town,
boy. We're going to have a party. We're
going to do all that, and I'm going to
get so drunk and I'm going
to forget where I was, pass out, and vomit
all night
because I was wasted. But
it
didn't fill the hole.
So tonight,
why don't you let Jesus change you?
And the only way you're going to do it
is by confessing and asking him into
your life.
Say, "Jesus, say this
prayer."Repeat
after me. Simple prayer. Say it, but
you've got to be bold about it, and
you've got to mean it with your heart,
and you've got to say it out of your mouth,
and you've got to believe it. You've got
to say, "I'm a bulldog on a bone. I want
this."And
if that's speaking to you right now,
say in the comment section right now, "I
want to be saved. Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
Tonight's my night."Brandon, I need you
to pray for me. I don't want to keep
going down this road.
You're speaking to me. I feel it.
But tonight, he died for you
publicly, so you be public in your
decision, okay?
He wasn't ashamed to die in front of
everybody for you.
So you don't be ashamed in confessing
him.
Say, "Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me
and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I am a sinner
and I want to make you my Lord and
personal Savior.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on
the world. I turn my back on my sin. I
turn my back on the devil and what I was
doing.
And from this day forward, I'm sold out
to you.
Jesus, I want to make you my Lord and
personal Savior.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life.
From this day forward, Lord, I will
serve you with all I have.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I thank you, Lord, that as of today, I
am forgiven.
have a brand new start.
Thank you, Lord, that if I die tonight,
I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm saved
in
Jesus'name.
Amen and
amen."I
believe if you just said that little
prayer right there and you said it with
all your heart and you believe that
Jesus Christ died for you and he rose
again and he is the Son of God, I
believe that you're born again. What do
you do now? You find a Bible-believing
church.
You go to a church—I would go
to a non-denominational church.
Go there, tell them, "Hey, I need to be
water-baptized."Tell
the pastor there,
the associates or whatever, "Hey, I
need to be water-baptized."I got born
again watching some guy on the internet,
but I want to make a public
declaration and be
water-baptized.
I want to do this. Maybe
they'll have it on Easter. Maybe they'll
have an Easter service. I don't know.
Sometimes they do. But just tell them, "I
want to,"and get plugged in there.
Read your Bible every day.
Pray every day. Go to church on Sundays,
Wednesdays, whenever they have the doors
open. Don't go back to the crowd you
used to hang around and think, "Well,
you know, I'll go back to what I used
to."No,
it's time to do something new.
Invite them to come to church with you, your
old friends, whoever you were hanging
out, going partying with. Say, "Hey, I'm
going to church. I got born again. I
don't want to do this anymore."They may
make fun of you—"Oh,
you whatever."I
don't know. And they start
teasing you. Just say, "Listen, I'm
inviting you to come to church with me. If
you want to come, fine. If you don't,
fine. I have to. I choose to follow Jesus
today."But
I'm telling you,
they'll either follow you or they'll
just go back into the pit they're
in. But they're going to see that
you're different as time goes by. The
Word of God will change you from the
inside out.
It will change you. The more you read
the Word, the Bible says you will know
the truth, and the truth will set you
free.
Now, if you don't have any truth, you
don't have a Bible, the Word of God,
my wife and I
will buy you your first Bible just to
celebrate the decision you made tonight
to give your heart to Jesus Christ. We
love you. All you have to do—that's what
she's doing right now is sending out
Bibles.
I want you to put in the email down
below;
you'll see it:
"I got born again on your broadcast
and I would love to have my free
Bible."I
can only do it right now in the United
States of America
or to military bases or things
like that.
I want you to—we'll never bother
you again. We're not here to
solicit you. We're not here to ask you
for anything. I don't ask anybody
for anything. I just do this out of the
kindness of my heart because
Jesus told me to come on here and pray
for y'all and to tell you he was coming.
Now,
email us. We'll send you the Bible. We
love you. We're excited you're here. I
will ask you to do this, though: like,
subscribe, click the notification bell,
and be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come and pray with us every
time—I
try to pray at least five days a week
at least to do our church services with
you on here.
We love doing this. This is our
family's ministry and our little
church community here. And we're so
excited that God has called us for such
a time as this. We're raising up a
generation of prayer warriors right
now. We're believing for a million-man
and woman
prayer army. And we're so
excited for what the Lord's
already entrusted us with. So, if you
could just do that for us, we would
greatly appreciate the likes,
subscribes, and all the things you can
do to help us with the algorithms. Other
than that, we're just glad you're
here.
I guess that's it. Fifty-eight people gave their
hearts
to Jesus Christ tonight. Welcome
home.
Welcome home.
All you who said the prayer,
all 58 of you, welcome home.
We're excited you got born again. We're
excited you gave your heart to Jesus
Christ. We're bringing them
in by the truckloads, huh, son?
It's awesome. Fifty-eight people gave their
hearts
right now to Jesus Christ. And I believe
by the end of the week, by
watching this video, we'll be well
over a hundred on just this one video. We
were believing for over a thousand
people a week to give their heart to
Jesus Christ. That's what we've been
praying for:
4,000 a month. So, we're excited to keep
giving out Bibles and telling people
Jesus loves them. So, we got to give
an ex-Satanist a Bible
today. We sent it off so he'll have it
next week. So, isn't that exciting that
a devil worshipper even gave his
heart to Jesus and he's no longer going
to hell? So, pray for him. He needs your
prayers. It's exciting. He has a
whole new road to travel.
So, out of the 58 people tonight,
welcome home.
Isn't that wonderful?
So, all right, let's go tubing. Who wants
to go praying now? See if the Lord
shows us anything. He may and he
may not. We never know. I don't
control it.
Did I mess with it, son?
Just
better.
Okay.
That's my new microphone Braden got me.
Yeah. You don't control it.
He does.
I don't control the gift. He does.
And if he wants to show me something,
fine. If he doesn't, I'm all his.
So, we're not here to perform.
We're here to just follow Jesus.
And so, we're so excited that you're
here tonight to pray with us.
So, here we go. We're going to take
communion. We always take communion
before we pray.
I don't ever go into
the veins and
the rivers without getting communion
first. So, Father, we lift up this body
before you.
We thank you, Lord, for what you did for
us, that by your stripes, we're healed.
Father, we thank you
that we are
that born-again bride, that
spotless bride that's coming before
your throne as your children—not as
orphans, but as adopted into your home,
coming into your throne room saying,
"Dad, I'm here."How are
you doing today?
How are
things going?
We just got 58 new brothers and sisters.
Thank You
for the opportunity to lead 58 people to
Your kingdom.
Now, Father, we take this body, and we
are so grateful
that You died for us.
We're so grateful that we don't have to
have sickness in our bodies anymore;
according to Galatians, Christ
has redeemed us from the curse of the
law,
and we believe that we receive Your
healing power through our bodies right
now in
Jesus'name.
We close any doors we've opened. We
apply the blood, and we thank You, Lord.
We make much of the blood. Oh, we do
that first; we take the body in
Jesus'name.
I went right into
the blood already.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the blood
of Jesus.
We make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. It never loses its
power.
We plead the blood over our sin, over any
doors
we've opened. We
cover it right now, and we say that we
pray uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. Father, I
thank You that You speak through my
vocal cords and think through my mind:
none of me and all of You in the mighty
name of Jesus. I make much of what You
did for me on that cross.
Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord, that
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of
the law. You did; You took it all. And I
thank You, Lord, that the blood of
Jesus—I
apply it over Braden, over
Megan, over Paisley, and Diana. We
plead the blood over us. And we thank
You, Lord, over all our house, over all
that You've given us. Father, we plead
the blood. And we thank You, Lord, for
the blood;
it never loses its power.
And I thank You, Lord. I plead the blood
over any visions, anything—that no
snare of the devil can get us because,
Father, we hear Your voice and a
stranger's voice we will not follow.
Thank You, Lord, for the blood right now
in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.
Well, praise the Lord.
I went a little long, but we
just got a lot of people saved, so it
was worth it.
I know it was the blood. I know it was
the blood. I know it was the blood for
me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on
the cross.
Thank You, Lord,
and He's coming back again for me and
you.
He's coming back again.
He's coming back again. He's coming back again for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on
the cross.
Thank You, Lord, that You're coming back
again for me.
I want to know which way You want me to
go tonight because I know what You've
already told me before this, so I don't
know how You want me to do it.
I thank You, Lord,
for the direction; we hit this vein
tonight, and we pray for what You want
us to have prayed for.
We're so grateful,
Father, that You've called us to the
kingdom for such a time as this.
I heard what He said right then.
He said, 'Tell them to give Me
praise for everything I've done for
them
this week
as they enter into the next
week.'Father,
we thank You, Lord, as we enter
into this last week of March. Today's
the first day of spring.
Thank You, Father, for spring is here.
Thank You, Lord, that we're out of
winter now.
Spring is here,
and God, I love spring.
Lord, we're so grateful, Father. The
weather is changing. The birds are
coming back,
and the trees are getting their
leaves on them. Father, we're so
grateful for the flowers,
for the
fish, and for the animals that are
excited that spring is here and
they're getting ready to have
their spawn, some of them. The deer
are
about to have their babies.
Thank You, Father,
that You've given us
life
and that we're here, and we
have the opportunity to give You praise.
Thank You, Father, for all You've
provided for us.
Thank You, Lord, that You said the
willing and obedient would eat the good
of the land.
Thank You, Father, that You've taken
care of me and my wife and my children.
Father, I thank You, Lord,
that You protected
us and watch over us. Thank You, Lord,
for what we drive. Thank You for the
food in our belly. Thank You, Lord, for
our shoes. Thank You, Lord, for
the shirt, for the lights, for
the camera, for the microphone,
and
the computers. Thank You,
Lord, for everything You give us to be
able to go on
live.
Thank You, Lord, for the family that's
here tonight and that there are 7,400
people in here ready to pray.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for
everything they're thankful for.
God, there are so many out here that
could have gone home
today;
they could have passed on, but God, You
gave them more opportunity to
wreak
havoc in the devil's kingdom.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for my
brothers and sisters here tonight.
I
agree with them for whatever they're
praising You for. Father, I just want to
give You praise for what they're
praising You for. Father, we just take
the time to give You glory, honor, and
praise that we made it through another
week. Friday
is
here; we're going into
Saturday. And we're so thankful, Father,
for the weekend.
Thank You, Father, for the weekend.
Thank You, Lord, for the basketball.
Thank You, Lord, for all the things we
enjoy
watching;
You've given us so many
things richly to enjoy.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord. Do you know the Lord
loves sports?
He does.
He likes to watch sports. And most
people say, 'Oh, I don't believe God
likes sports.'I'm telling you, His kids
are playing it, and as a good father
does, He loves to watch His children
play.
I'm telling you,
He'll watch a basketball game with me.
I'll sit there, and I know He's
there; I can feel His presence. And
He'll watch the game.
Sometimes I think just to spend time
with me, I don't know, or I'm spending
time with Him,
but He'll watch the Thunder. He loves to
watch the Thunder.
Well, 'I don't believe that.'Well, you
don't have relationship with Him;
you wouldn't know
unless you do. If you have relationship
with the Lord, you'll
develop it. He loves sports.
He likes basketball. He likes baseball.
He likes football.
He'll sit there and watch it with you.
Father, I thank You for sports. I
thank You, Father, that
You love a fair game, a fun game
to watch Your kids play
as we would go watch our kids play
soccer or whatever.
You like to watch Your kids play.
Thank You, Lord,
that You're a God that loves us and You
have relationship and You want to be
with us.
What is man that You are mindful
of him?
What is a woman that You are mindful of
her?
You think about us,
for Your thoughts
are more—You said You think about us
more than the sand on the
beaches.
You think about us all the time.
You have good plans for us.
You say You have a blessed future for
us with long life. You said You would
satisfy us.
You want us to be blessed in the city, in
the field, coming in and going out.
You know the plans that You have for us:
plans to prosper you,
to keep you safe. What's that scripture,
Braden? I know the plans that I
have for you—I want to read that
exactly the way he said it. I know the
plans that I have for you to give you an
expected end. Where
is
that at?
Jeremiah 29:11.
It's fine.
'For I know the plans I have for
you,'declares
the Lord, 'plans to prosper you
and not to harm you, plans to give you
hope and a future.'That
isn't anything
about poverty or
hell or anything in there.
'For I know the plans I have for
you,'declares
the Lord. So, He's already
thought about it. He already knows the
plans He has for you.
It's all in His mind. He knows. Plans to
prosper you and not to harm you.
Plans to give you hope and a future.
Hope.
He's our blessed hope.
His thoughts are more than the sands of
the sea, the sands on the beach, the grains of sand.
I know I probably
didn't quote it completely right even
at
a little bit. His thoughts
are
toward us.
Father, I thank You, Lord,
that You have great plans for me.
So, as we praise Him tonight before we
jump in this river,
give Him praise for everything.
Brandon, I don't feel like I had
much of a good week. But you still
have air in your lungs.
I don't feel like—you know, I
just got laid off. I got all this. But
God has another job better for you;
you're praying for a job, a better job.
And sometimes, because our flesh
doesn't
like to go to the next level, we
have to release this hand to grab onto
this hand.
And a lot of times this hand is so
comfortable, we don't want to let it go
to go on to this one.
Where is it? Psalm
139.
If I should count them, they are more
in number than the sand. When I awake, I
am still with Thee.
How precious also are Thy thoughts
unto me, O God! How great is the sum
of them!
If I should count them, they are more
in number than the sand.
So He thinks about you more in number
than the sand.
When I awake, I am still with Thee.
Surely Thou wilt slay the wicked,
O
God. Depart from me, therefore,
ye
bloody men, for they speak
against Thee wickedly, and Thine enemies
take Thy name in vain.
So it's more than the sand.
He thinks about you and me.
He thinks about us and He has a plan
for our lives.
God is a good God and the devil's a bad
devil.
God is a good God. It's all right,
son. I can see it.
God is a good God and the devil's a bad
devil. Oral Roberts said that all the
time
and that's the truth.
So, Father, we just thank You, Lord, for
tonight. Father,
You know the plans You have for us,
and You think about me and You think
about them
as much as many thoughts
as more than the sand on
the beach.
More than the number of sand.
The Mojave Desert has a lot of sand.
He thinks about us all the time.
Death Valley
out in the Arizona area, wherever that
is, there's a lot of sand.
The Sahara Desert has a lot of sand.
I don't even think you could get a big
old tub of it;
it'd take you probably a year to count
all these little
grains.
But He says He thinks about you that
much,
more in number than the sand.
God thinks about you all the time.
His thoughts are greater.
It kind
of—when
you think about how much God loves
us and how much He has plans for our
life—what
is man that You are mindful of him?
Father, we're so grateful
tonight
that You are mindful of us.
Psalm
8:4-8.
What is man that You are mindful of him
and the son of man that You visit him?
For You have made him a little lower
than the angels,
and You have crowned him with glory.
You have crowned us with glory.
We just don't realize what this glory
has
crowned us with. We are with
that presence.
We are seated with Him in the
heavenlies.
What is man
that You are mindful of him and the son
of man
that You visit him?
I told you He likes to watch
football.
He visits.
He likes to watch it with you.
If you make a place for Him to visit, if
you make Him comfortable in your house,
He'll visit you.
What is man?
Practice His presence.
Practice Him in your home.
Make Him feel comfortable there.
If He were to really show up,
would He feel comfortable there?
What is man?
You are mindful of him and the son of
man that You visit.
He visits.
For You have made him a little lower
than the angels
and You have crowned him with glory and
honor.
And You have made him to have dominion
over the works of Your hands.
You have put all things under his feet,
all sheep and oxen,
even the beasts of the field, the birds
of the air,
and the fish of the sea
that pass through the paths of the sea.
Isn't that beautiful?
He gave you dominion over it.
He's
seated with you and
He loves you and He said, 'Hey, I'll
come and visit
you.'Father,
what's on Your heart today?
We worship You.
We glorify Your name
in all the earth.
We
magnify
Your name in all the earth.
We magnify You, Lord.
We magnify You, Father.
Thank You that You would even
look our direction.
As much as we mess up,
as much as we have fallen short,
You keep looking at us and You want
to come and spend time with us.
And never one time have You been mean.
Never one time have You been up there
just to browbeat us,
if you truly know
Him. He's not that way.
You've never been up there saying, 'You
know what, I'm just so ashamed of
you.'You're
always patient.
You're always kind.
And You're always love. And You're
always that friend
that sticks closer than a brother.
And You're always there whenever we even
mess up and we fall down and skin our
knees. And You're the daddy that has the
antiseptic ready to touch it,
saying,
'Listen, I got this.
You may have messed up your knee, buddy,
but I got it,'and just rubbing it off.
Always picking us up.
You always have us. You're always holding
us.
If we can do anything for You
tonight, Lord,
we're here.
We humble ourselves under the mighty
hand of God.
We humble ourselves before You and we sit
at Your throne. And we thank You, Lord,
that You become so real to them on the
other side of this camera tonight.
Father, all the lies and all the
things the devil has tried to put in
their thoughts
to try to lie and tell people that
He is mad, that He's an angry God, that
He's up there ready to slap people
around—it's
all a lie.
I'm so grateful, Father, for tonight.
Thank You, Father, for the opportunity
to pray again.
Okay,
we're praying for
Israel tonight.
I'm looking into
parts of Jerusalem, parts of
Tel Aviv.
I'm seeing the Wailing Wall.
I see the Wailing Wall. I see
the dome, that Muslim temple,
and on this side of that Wailing Wall,
that whole side of that
dome is caved in
and I see fire.
I see smoke, black smoke coming out of
this dome.
All of this whole side is completely
caved in.
Half that dome is caved in. It looks like some
kind of an explosion hit that dome on
this side.
Say the Wailing Wall's right here;
it's on this side.
It looks like something hit it from this
side, but it's caved in.
Yeah, it's all on fire.
I hear the Lord say an acceleration of
things is about to begin
on another level.
An acceleration is about to begin in
Israel. The birthing pains will now
double. When Passover comes, a doubling
of the
birthing
pains will take place
as labor pains on a woman.
The labor pains will now double when
Passover comes.
Okay. I see another refinery.
I see a major oil refinery in Israel. I
see this oil refinery and it's glowing.
The tubes. All these tubes. It looks
like
a
storage facility,
but there's lights on it. And
I see these lights shining on this
facility.
It's
a drone.
It's a man-made looking
drone. It's a drone, not like a military-looking
one.
This looks like one blade,
two blade, three blade, four blade
propellers,
similar to video games. It has
a—Braden,
you know what I'm talking about.
It looks like the one on
Call of Duty, son, like that, but it has
C4 on it.
And in this, it's a remote
detonator.
You know what I'm talking about, son?
Yeah,
man.
Make a
restart.
I see the refineries in Venezuela
and
a strategic thing against
Venezuela's oil
involving Cuba.
I see oil facilities in Venezuela.
I see targets
trying
to retaliate against America
and strategic targets in
Venezuela's
oil.
There's a dragon there
with
red eyes.
I bind you in Jesus'name. Get out of
here.
I plead the blood of
Jesus.
That thing
was coming out of
Colombia.
It looked like a
dragon-faced gargoyle
with
a
gargoyle body and a round belly.
It looked
stone-figured
with
demonic eyes and
the
face of a dragon.
As I saw this coming, I saw
strategic drone warfare on the
Venezuelan oil
facilities. This is the cartel.
I see Cuba involved
trying to destroy this industry.
I see strategic targets
in America
to come after the oil
using drones,
similar to what I told you about the
stadiums.
It's very interesting because of
what's trying to protect this from being
seen.
They're trying to get
assistance to block the seer from seeing
what they're
planning.
They're trying to
call for aid and
assistance from their demonic things
and trying to block the
seers from seeing it.
Father,
I thank you for my angels. I put angels
all around us now.
Angels of the Lord, make manifest and
make war against those demonic spirits.
I apply the blood over this
livestream.
Thank you, Big George, for coming to help us.
Able
to
disarm.
I see the derricks out in the
Gulf.
Do you remember the BP oil spill?
I
see
a
protection
around
Trump.
I
see
two
lines,
the fishes and the
loaves
and the multiplication.
It
multiplies.
I see a strong arm concerning the woman
in Japan,
and I see her
developing financial
relations.
As I see the
boats coming,
I see boats being released
to help out
in
the
Strait
of
the
ships—an
aircraft
carrier and then a bunch of others.
Is that called a brigade?
But the problem is
China
coming after Taiwan.
Taiwan needs your help.
It's a secret plot.
I see Russia
involved,
North Korea,
and
deals being
made for the chips.
I see it
concerning Taiwan,
South Korea, and
China;
they're trying to
corner
the market. They
want to take this market
and bring it into them like a
mother hen brings in
her
chicks.
I see this
demonic-looking
dragon trying to bring in
Taiwan
and
South Korea
under
its
wings.
Even with North Korea, Kim is
like a social pariah, but
I see Russia and Xi Jinping trying to bring it in now. I see Vietnam, but
they're trying to devise a plan
for
global takeover
of the
chips.
I see them using medical supplies
as
blackmail.
I see Macron.
I see Italy and
Germany.
I see
the man over England
all devising a plan,
wanting Iran to fail.
They want Trump gone,
trying to make him look really stupid by
failing with Iran and
the Strait
with the oil, having a
scapegoat.
They
want him
gone, so
they look at him as arrogant
and want him to
lie in the bed
he made.
They say,
'He did this, now let him fall by
his own
sword.'They
don't want to be involved.
Out of retaliation
for what he's done,
they're looking at the midterms. I see
November circulated.
I see certain key Democratic leaders, like
Kamala,
that have an influence on Europe.
They want it to fall
to replace him.
You hear
an undercurrent to replace him. Gavin's
involved. I see Booker.
It's an undercurrent of
how they can impeach him
or
get rid of him
before his term. It's
strategic.
I see Macron and the people
in Europe;
they don't like what he's doing.
They're
being
sneaky
because he's a
roadblock to
Global 2030
and
their agenda. I
see 2030
in
big letters.
They
want
to run faster with
surveillance
and
media—a
global
noose
on
humanity.
But I see Japan.
The woman wants
a
blessing.
Watch the Sooners. Japan and South Korea,
watch the Sooners for
the
economy.
I see the Boomer Sooner
wagon
concerning Japan.
Help him, Father, to trust who he needs
to trust.
Help him, Father,
that he takes no counsel from the
ungodly
and only hears Your voice. I pray
over President Trump's ears that he is
led by the Spirit of God.
Clean out his ears
in the name of Jesus that You would
speak to him in a still, small voice.
Even if he has a 'writing on the
wall'experience,
show him how to lead
this nation by the Holy Spirit. Father,
I thank You that JD Vance won't run for president in 2028 because there's a scandal that will try to develop to embarrass the
nation. I see a scandal coming that
will be
very embarrassing.
Father, we thank You for
President Trump.
We believe
we have authority, and we pray
over him that we carry him across that
finish line, that he'll take no counsel
from the ungodly and will have great
discernment to
know
who to
trust and who's a liar.
Who to trust and who's a liar in his
staff, in his inner circle, that he
would know who to trust and who's a
liar.
And I pray over his children. I pray
over Ivanka. I pray over Tiffany,
over Barron, over Eric, over Junior,
and over Kai. We pray over these
children. We pray over his
grandkids
that the angels of the Lord are
encamped
around and about them.
Father, they're around and about them.
They'll bear them up in their hands lest
they
dash their foot against a stone. A
thousand shall fall at their side and
10,000 at their right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh. Father, we cover
protection over President Trump, over
his wife, over the party, and over
the Hispanic man,
Marco Rubio. We pray protection around
Marco Rubio. We cover him in the blood.
We cover his family. We cover JD
Vance. We cover them, Father, that they
will finish this term.
I see that demonic ploy.
I see a demonic undercurrent of purples.
I see
Mamdani.
I see New York. I see an attack. I see a
fire. I see shaking in New York.
I see it
coming—civil
unrest. I see the Statue of
Liberty burning, and I believe this is
symbolic. What
happened in
Benghazi?
Benghazi.
The Democrat faces.
We
call—oh,
and
the young man is
in danger.
The young man with the hoodie is in danger
in California.
We pray protection around him right
now and his hotels. We
pray over him right now. The young man
is protected; he has security. I see
his
security, but we pray protection
around about him, over his food,
over the young man's food.
We pray over the dishes. Don't eat
that food,
boy.
The
young man with the hoodie, don't eat the
food.
That boy, what is his name, son?
Nick
Shirley.
Yes, Nick Shirley. Don't eat the food.
We pray over your food
and
your drink. We pray you will finish
what God has called you to do.
He's on an assignment. We pray a hedge
around and about Nick Shirley tonight,
that he is covered in the name of Jesus,
exposing the darkness. Exposing the
darkness over any coffees, any kind of
Starbucks, any kind of drinks. I cover
his drinks
and
food in the blood.
I cover him in the blood.
A thousand shall fall at his side and
10,000 at his right hand. You said we
could eat any deadly thing and it
wouldn't harm us. You promised us, Lord,
that we could eat any deadly thing and
it would not touch us.
We pray over his food and his
drinks. We pray over him as he exposes
darkness.
Why is nobody in politics doing
this?
Why does this young man have to do this?
We have some corrupt politicians in
here.
Why is the young man doing this? Why are
the politicians
not doing this? Why is
he the only one with the camera? That's
what I hear. Why is he the only one?
Question this.
The Lord said, "Question this. Why is
the young man the only one doing
this?
Why is Nick Shirley the only one doing this?
You're being played. This
has
nothing to do with
a
young man doing this,
son."We
pray over his
life.
I say he will not go home early.
He's protected
out of political theater.
Remember this.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say,
"Political theater. You
are
being played.
There's much darkness. There's much
corruption."And
the Lord said, "I'll expose it.
I'm going to expose the trafficking. I'm
going to expose this,
even over
the other guy,
Benny
Johnson."And
as I said Benny Johnson, I see Alex
Jones.
We pray over Alex Jones.
We cover Alex Jones in the blood. We
thank you, Lord, that Alex Jones will
become even more of a voice piece for
you in the days ahead.
The plans to hurt this
man—Father,
I thank you, Lord, that he's covered,
but especially cover Nick
Shirley right now. You need to pray for
him.
We cover him in the blood
that he will finish it.
But the Lord said, "Ask
yourself why it's not
the discovery department, like people
that are investigating fraudulent
activity
going into this more?
Why does it have to be this guy? He is
exposing it on social
media."There's
more to this. The Lord said
there's much more to this.
It's political theater.
Bondi,
these people, they know it's there.
They know they have files,
but it's political theater.
Social media talks loud.
The Lord said social media talks loud,
son.
We pray over his food. We pray over him.
We thank you, Lord.
As you see the distraction,
get ready to be uncovered and come very
boldly into this election year.
There's a distraction.
And I see it like this: it's
shaking. A distraction is
being
unbirthed in front of the
American people. A distraction to
distract from this. A
sleight
of hand like,
"Look over
here. Look over
here."Take
the picture
while
you're looking over here.
You're getting the baby to look over
there
so you can take the family
photo. But I'm telling you, this is what
they want you to look at while they
are
doing this over here.
It
is a distraction. Political theater
is coming. A great distraction is coming.
I see May highlighted.
I see June. I see
July—July
4th. I see September 11th,
Rosh Hashanah.
I see political theater.
This is about midterms.
There's much darkness with the deep state
that doesn't want him to finish his race
concerning the 2028
agenda, Agenda 2030, all this. It's all
unfolding so fast.
I see purple.
I see dark purples and light
purples.
I see America divided
to try to create a
civil war
with the wall of the Illuminati.
And it says it with the eye of the
pyramid
to try to cause civil war in our nation.
They want to create
an
undercurrent of a
civil war with political
theater—divide,
divide, divide,
conquer—to
get a foothold
in your finances,
the food,
politics, and media to control.
And I see a plan even with censorship
coming out of Instagram, Facebook,
and
TikTok on a greater level, and even
trying to corner Elon to do what they
want him to do by blackmail.
So
many people are asleep.
You
better pray you don't lose our
nation.
This is a dark agenda
to take the nation
and they want to make civil war,
blue against red,
causing a great divide to try to
impeach
Trump.
And it's going to be dark.
Oh my goodness, Lord.
I see that great big python trying to
choke our nation from the middle
and it's coming up out of the Gulf and
wrapping around our nation. And
the Lord said, "Remember what I
told you? Who will stand in the gap for
America? Who will pray for
America?"He
said, "I warned you.
A storm was
coming."A
storm is trying to come.
If
they've
been too
quiet—I
see Black Rock.
And the Lord said, "He's got everyone.
The
angels of the
Lord
are camped around and about us,
and a great revival will
come."I
see it in this pressure, son.
In political theater,
a great revival. Just remember this.
It's going to get dark, dark,
dark.
It'll be as thin as this nickel.
One side will be the glory, one side
will be what's going on in the
United States—the drama,
World War III,
all of it.
And you're going to see darkness so
dark, but you'll be able to choose. You
have to choose every day what
you
focus on,
because the glorious church is going to
rise. And you got the darkness on this
side. Why? Because this is the labor pains
and, as it was in the days of Noah, all
these things, but the glorious church is
on this side. And you're going to see
the church rise up and be what God
has called us to be. He's not coming
back for a weak, pathetic church. Watch.
But it's that thin;
it's like a line.
And you choose what you focus on.
I know I talk about a lot of things. Our
job is to pray. But I'm telling you by
the spirit of God today, I see a great
dark plan being plotted right now.
And it's concerning him being obedient
to help liberate the people of
Iran, setting up for Ezekiel 38 and 39.
He was obedient, but they have a plan.
And I see Macron. I told you he will
come back as a tyrant in the days ahead
because the man is a dark man.
Macron is a dark man, and it's the same with
Mark
Carney,
and I'm telling you these people
are puppets of this agenda that the antichrist
is trying to
push.
It's all about the end, folks; it's
about control,
and it's all coming to a head.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you,
if you don't know Jesus Christ, you're
running out of time.
God said, "I've given you a window. What
will you do with it?"When he brought
Trump in, if Kamala Harris was here
right now,
it would be a different ballgame.
Do you understand?
People don't have a clue.
You really don't.
But I'm trying to tell you major
shaking's coming, political theater.
There's going to start to be a lot of
stuff in the news: interest rates,
things, Jerome Powell finding a new job.
You're going to start to see things
really start to change. Watch what takes
place.
And
in the 250th anniversary of
the
Declaration of Independence—thank God
for our forefathers that thought that
thing through.
Our
Constitution—we
had some smart men, led by the
spirit of God, that wrote that.
Our Bill of Rights—the things that
our forefathers did. Thank God that
we had people that were smart and
didn't have dummies in power.
You know
that I just believe that was
orchestrated by the hand of the
Lord, our Constitution.
Thank God
for people that prayed.
Father, I thank you for Nick
Shirley.
You protect that young man tonight.
You protect him. But not just about
tonight;
I see we protect him as he does all
this
political theater.
Protect him, Father. Protect his food.
Protect his drink. Protect everything he
eats. Everything. Protect him. Thank
you, Lord God. His hand's not short,
and he'll protect him. I believe it. And
anybody who's associated with him, God
will protect this young man, Nick.
I believe it.
So, we love you. We pray for you, sir,
and we believe that Jesus Christ has his
hand on you.
I don't know if you're born again
or not, but I pray you are.
I pray you know Jesus.
We pray for you. We pray for Alex Jones.
We pray for these people.
There's a lot of political theater. The
Lord says,
though—I've
already been way too long tonight,
but I know in my heart God has his hand
on this night and I'm so thankful for
you all being here.
Thank you for every single one of you
that came out tonight and prayed
with me.
We'll be back again tomorrow and pray
some more.
I don't feel like we're quite done yet,
but
we pray over Joe Rogan.
I see in this—I see Tucker's heart
turning gray.
I see Tucker's heart getting in
a—it's
like you dipped it in gray paint.
It's still beating,
but it's covered in gray.
The Lord says it's not black yet.
The Lord says it's not black yet. It's
turning gray.
Tucker's heart—it's beating
and it's turning gray.
Now, this is going to sound really wild.
Should I even say that out of
my mouth?
The things you say, Lord, the things you
show me, Lord,
I fear you, not man.
Oh, Father,
That's my air conditioner.
So, we love you and we pray this
blessed you tonight
and we will be back again.
We'll pray together.
This was very heavy, Braden. All this
that I just saw.
Is it loud across their thing
there?
A
little
bit.
All right.
Well,
I can turn
it
off.
It's good. Don't worry about it. I'm
closing this stream. We've been here
three
hours.
We love you all.
Thank you for being here.
Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love
you. God bless you all. Good night.